the stock market was crazy but now it's
just ridiculous is it going to crash
though you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you if you listen
to some people they're telling you the
Market's going to crash and others say
it has much more room to grow which is
it well in this video we're going to
look at the stats I'm going to give you
some examples of things gone crazy and
the mood has really changed for
companies like Tesla let me show you
this first Jeremy Grantham and Jeffrey
gunlock and other Market veterans
predict pain for stocks and see a
recession ahead number one when we look
at the recession we have been told over
and over again that it's going to be a
soft Landing soft Landing well the new
term inside the media is no Landing no
landing at all we just go on and grow it
really all depends now got to be clear
about that we are talking about the
economy not the markets in that example
okay so that of course correlates in a
sense but the market is looking at one
set of data the economy when it comes to
the jobs when it comes to everything
else that's another set so we have to
understand where the market gets its you
know numbers from let's say where does
it get its pricing from part of that the
vast majority of that is going to come
from money printing that's right Easy
Money brings High stocks the S&P 500 is
trading your alltime highs it did in
fact break all-time high records as
markets have Shrugged off economic fears
top investors economists are warning
about the issues you got Jeremy Grantham
David Rosenberg Jeffrey gunlock Gary
Schilling all people that are very
reputable now what are they saying the
markets have gone too high if there's a
recession markets are not going to like
that and of course there have been
problems you got the yield curve
inversion you've got all these different
indicators that have popped up which
have been historically extremely
extremely accurate saying look the
Market's going to come down I think the
question here for many people is am I
going to lose 5 10 20% or is it going to
be a crash of severe proportions and I'm
going to lose 50 80% of what I've
invested that's really where we are at
now of course everything reverts to the
mean the problem here is that when stuff
goes skyh High when it skyrockets when
it takes off you have to understand
where the mean would be now a lot of
times we never even get back there for
some particular Investments things don't
necessarily all have to go back to these
levels it's more of an average if
there's real enthusiasm or Euphoria even
in some things it may not ever reach
fair value it may not happen and so what
we can see in this example here is that
the stock market let's just say pick any
stock inidia stock or whatever and it
goes 400 500 6 oh my goodness well you
could have argued it was overvalued at
300 when it was rapidly Rising 300% in a
matter of a year year and a half but it
not only doubled it went even higher
than that some say it could triple from
that very High Point becoming one of the
handful of most the the biggest
companies in the entire world so we have
to start balancing everything out amount
of money that was printed comparison to
the stocks around it comparison to
current valuations and start to make
sense of it the percentage you know when
we look at the stock market that's a lot
of stocks when we're talking about it as
of now only a handful of stocks have
carried the market forward keep all of
this in mind as we move on the number of
S&P 500 up weeks in the last 15 so not
often this chart goes all the way back
to the N early 1900s and so you can see
100 years has passed and we haven't seen
a run like this in a very long time
looking like it's going to go on and on
and on and on right there's so much
euphoria but some have drawn the
parallels to the bubble what do you
think is this the 2.0 is this the AI
bubble is that what we're seeing or are
we in a new world and now as long as
you're doing something with AI
valuations don't matter because we have
to take into account robots and you know
chat gpts you tell me what is it this is
just saying that everyone's in the same
trade they're comparing you know
momentum and all these different things
that I was looking at all these
different
charts let's just keep it where we can
see that the very first thing we need to
address is that everybody is doing the
same thing right now and that is a
problem that's a big problem we need to
see there's a word called breadth
breadth and what what we want with this
is that you will have
multiple you know many many stocks that
are doing well or doing poorly and that
gives us a little bit of insight as to
the direction where things are but when
it's just a handful of stocks that shows
that there's a problem here what is it
about those stocks that's carrying the
market as opposed to the rest of all of
the others that's an issue and so we
address that is it that there's nothing
left to buy and these are the only
things investable today is it purely
based on speculation there aren't many
question questions here that you could
start to think
about momentum is up and what they're
saying here that it's not uncommon for
momentum to have a 30% plus draw down so
you have these momentum stocks that
historically when we get to these levels
in this oscillator the
RSI this shows us that yes we can have a
big draw down 30% and that's just
historical Norms now what I was trying
to address a few minutes ago using the
example of
Nvidia if it hit let's just say 800 and
it came down by 30% anybody who got in
near that top is going to be crying
probably but it is still considerably
higher than where it was when people
were saying it was overvalued at 200 and
300 and 400 you understand what I'm
saying so where does it eventually end
up people said the same thing about
Bitcoin it hit
50,000 right so it you know you got to
understand that when we have these draw
Downs even a 50% draw down if it's at
800 comes down to 400 if you were one of
those people that bought it in that
initial runup hey AI is the next big
thing it's at 20000 you bought it you
you might be laughing still even though
you you know not not so fun to not sell
at the peak but for most people that's
impossible here we have a European
stocks near record discount to the US
peers now Europe has a lot of problems a
lot of problems and you could see why
the United States is more attractive for
many different reasons because you got
to compare it's like okay where do I
want to put my money now in Europe uh
not exactly I mean there's a few there's
a handful of stocks but
you could see the difference between
Europe and the United States and then we
can look at a couple of those stocks
Europe's heavy return concentration
European benchmarks return are dependent
on just three stocks this year it is
asml again chips AI right Novo sap and
lvmh so those are the stocks that they
mentioned here out a
Bloomberg all you need to know is that
of course do have a concentration in one
thing and that is Tech specifically
looking at AI looking at chips right you
can see an example of Nvidia going
absolutely berserk and it is shocking to
see how far it has come in just like a
few trading days the price multiplied
that's bad even if you are heavily
invested in the stock you do not want to
see that happen unless you're starting
to trim now if you're starting to trim
you're taking a little bit off take 10%
off take 20% off take 10% off and you're
doing that you are now claiming those
earnings bringing them in and saying
okay these are mine that's smart we have
this example over here um SMC SMC I
basically this one particular company
again semiconductors they're are
benefiting from this craze and what I
believe
is that you're not going to see the end
of this now you can have a a crash that
exists and again they will get bit up
because there's so much
enthusiasm but when we look at it in
terms of the oscillators it is gone off
the charts what does that mean is simply
overbought based on this one indication
based on that one indication it's not a
you know be all end all however when
things go out of
whack it's not too attractive afterwards
all right Tesla slide has investors
wondering if it's still magnificent as
well as this Tesla has long been a hope
stock but what are investors hoping for
now so we can see this this was the
stock the stock from 2019 to 2020 there
are YouTubers today that have hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds of thousands
of subscribers simply because they kept
pushing the stock from 2019 all the way
through into 2021 and they did very well
as a result of that made a lot of money
okay and now what now they're talking
about other stuff because Tesla is not
so attractive anymore what was that big
runup they were told that there was
going to be 1 million Robo taxis on the
streets by 2020 they were told that they
were told the Roadster was coming what
happened to the Roadster they were told
that the semi- TRU was going to be
everywhere all over in just a matter of
of short period of time the semi Tru
they were going to disrupt the entire
industry that stuff oh and by the way
more importantly not just the robo taxis
but autonomous full autonomous driving
for everyone that you were going to be
able to sit in the back or you're going
to be able to sit at home and instead of
your car sitting on the driveway doing
nothing and collecting dust it was going
to be a robo taxi all that stuff we
heard all that okay now maybe there's
going to be a day when all of these
things happen that could happen but it's
not now it's
2024 and investors are kind of saying
all right well let's put our money here
let's put our money there because it
just it didn't materialize so let's
start throwing cash in this place and
that place that's not to say it's a bad
company like look how many cars they
deliver they deliver a lot the model y I
think is the most popular car in the
world something like this so it's not
saying that but the stock you got to
compare the speculation in a stock
compared to its actual fundamentals and
understand why did it come up there in
the first place do you see what I'm
saying big things if you want to know
about all these details and actually get
into the nitty-gritty we do this every
single week on the finance Friday
classes you got to join in there's a
small handful of people that are ready
and willing to learn the depths of this
so that they can go in make the money so
that they can go in and have a better
handle on their retirement on their
Investments Finance Friday is available
at the link in the description the money
gps.com
slash live I hope to see you there don't
forget to hit that thumbs up button and
of course as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care